dev(debug): complete dev environment to debug/code easily (#68)
Security-Tools-Alliance/rengine-ng: README.md

You can also [join our Discord channel #development](https://discord.gg/VUS8P9zF) for any development related questions.

### Submitting issues

You can submit issues related to this project, but you should do it in a way that helps developers to resolve it as quickly as possible.

For that, you need to add as much valuable information as possible.

You can have this valuable information by following these steps:

- Go to the root of the git cloned project

> - Shutdown you current production instance by launching `make down`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Shutdown your current production instance by typing `make down`
```

> - Launch the dev environment by launching `make dev_up`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Launch the dev environment by typing `make dev_up`
```

> - Then you can start `make logs` and run into your issue, you should have more detailed log (stack trace ...)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Then you can start `make logs` and run into your issue, you should now have a more detailed log (stack trace ...)
```
